:book: Add flake tracking documentation to the user-guide (#275)
metal3-io/metal3-docs: docs/user-guide/src/flake/introduction.md

# Introduction to "Flakes"

> The Metal3 community maintains a number of tests and Continous Integration pipelines
> and other infrastructure elements in order to be able to test,release,package and
> manage the developement processes of the Metal3 components.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Metal3 community maintains a number of tests and Continuous Integration pipelines
and other infrastructure elements in order to be able to test, release, package and
manage the development processes of the Metal3 components.

```

> In the Metal3 community's nomenclature the word "flake" refers to a recurring error  that appaears
> from time to time in the CI or during or test process but disapears by itself thus making the reproduction
> difficult. In order to eventually figure out and fix the root cause of the flakes the community
> decided to catalog them thus making all developers aware of their existence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Metal3 community's nomenclature the word "flake" refers to a recurring error  that appears
from time to time in the CI or during or test process but disappears by itself thus making the reproduction
difficult. In order to eventually figure out and fix the root cause of the flakes the community
decided to catalog them thus making all developers aware of their existence.
```
